DOCS-#3064: Improve Component view part in docs (#3640)
modin-project/modin: docs/developer/architecture.rst

logic internally.

System View
-----------

> If we look to the overall class structure of the Modin system from very top, it will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A top-down view of Modin’s architecture is detailed below:
```

logic internally.

System View
---------------------------
If we look to the overall class structure of the Modin system from very top, it will
-----------
A top-down view of Modin’s architecture is detailed below:

> look to something like this:

Reviewer: Please delete!

Author: deleted

Component View
--------------

User queries which perform data transformation, data ingress or data egress pass through the Modin components
detailed below. The path the query takes is mostly similar across execution systems, with some minor exceptions like

> :doc:`OmnisciOnNative </flow/modin/experimental/core/execution/native/implementations/omnisci_on_native/index>` for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:doc:`OmnisciOnNative </flow/modin/experimental/core/execution/native/implementations/omnisci_on_native/index>` .
```

Component View
--------------

> Flows which a user's queries for data transformation, data ingress and egress pass through the Modin components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User queries which perform data transformation, data ingress or data egress pass through the Modin components
```

> are shown below. The flows are mostly similar for all execution systems in Modin but may have differences

Reviewer: ```suggestion
detailed below. The path the query takes is mostly similar across execution systems, with some minor exceptions like
```

> for some ones like for :doc:`OmnisciOnNative </flow/modin/experimental/core/execution/native/implementations/omnisci_on_native/index>`, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:doc:`OmnisciOnNative </flow/modin/experimental/core/execution/native/implementations/omnisci_on_native/index>` for example.
```

Data Transformation
'''''''''''''''''''

.. image:: /img/generic_data_transform.svg
   :align: center

Query Compiler
""""""""""""""

> The :ref:`Query Compiler <query_compiler_def>` receives queries from the pandas API layer. The API layer's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :ref:`Query Compiler <query_compiler_def>` receives queries from the pandas API layer. The API layer is
```

> responsibility is to ensure clean input to the Query Compiler. The Query Compiler must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
responsible for ensuring a clean input to the Query Compiler. The Query Compiler must
```

> have knowledge of the compute kernels/in-memory format of the data in order to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have knowledge of the compute kernels and in-memory format of the data in order to
```

> efficiently compile the queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
efficiently compile the query.
```

This layer has a significantly reduced API from the QueryCompiler and the user-facing
API. Each of these APIs represents a single way of performing a given operation or

> behavior. Some of these are expanded for convenience/understanding.

Reviewer: It says they are expanded on, but I'm not sure I see where the expanded description is?

Author: I think we can delete this sentence since we now say the following below:
```
More documentation can be found internally in the code_. This API is not complete, but
represents an overwhelming majority of operations and behaviors.
```

> plugged in to Modin as well. Create an issue_ or discuss on our Discourse_ for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plugged in to Modin as well. Create an issue_ or discuss on our Discourse_ or `Slack <https://modin.org/slack.html>`_ for more
```

Dataframe layer to keep the Core Dataframe API small and separately optimize the data
movement and metadata management.

Partitions
""""""""""

Partitions are responsible for managing a subset of the Dataframe. As mentioned
below, the Dataframe is partitioned both row and column-wise. This gives Modin
scalability in both directions and flexibility in data layout. There are a number of
optimizations in Modin that are implemented in the partitions. Partitions are specific
to the execution framework and in-memory format of the data, allowing Modin to
exploit potential optimizations across both. These optimizations are explained
further on the pages specific to the execution framework.

Execution Engine
''''''''''''''''

> This layer performs computation on a partition of the data. The

Reviewer: Doesn’t the execution engine technically schedule computation on all of the partitions of the data? I think it may be good to clarify that here, as otherwise it sounds like there’s an execution engine per partition or that the execution engine has visibility into the partitions.

Author: Agree, fixed.

Modin Dataframe is designed to work with `task parallel`_ frameworks, but integration with
data parallel frameworks should be possible with some effort.

Storage Format
''''''''''''''

The :doc:`storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/index>` describes the in-memory partition type.
The base storage format in Modin is pandas. In the default case, the Modin Dataframe operates on partitions that contain ``pandas.DataFrame`` objects.

Data Ingress
''''''''''''

.. image:: /img/generic_data_ingress.svg
   :align: center

Data Egress
'''''''''''

.. image:: /img/generic_data_egress.svg
   :align: center

Factory Dispatcher
""""""""""""""""""

The :doc:`Factory Dispatcher </flow/modin/core/execution/dispatching>` provides IO methods with interfaces that correspond to pandas IO functions,
and is in charge of routing IO calls to a factory corresponding to the selected execution.
The factory, in turn, contains the specific IO class, which it calls with the required arguments.
The IO class is responsible for performing a parallel read/write from/to a file.

Supported Execution Engines and Storage Formats
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

> This is the list of execution engines and in-memory formats supported in Modin. If you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a list of execution engines and in-memory formats supported in Modin. If you
```

- cuDF on Ray (experimental)
    - Uses the Ray_ execution framework.
    - The storage format is `cudf` and the in-memory partition type is a cuDF DataFrame.
    - For more information on the execution path, see the :doc:`cuDF on Ray </flow/modin/core/execution/ray/implementations/cudf_on_ray/index>` page.

.. _directory-tree:

DataFrame Partitioning
----------------------

The Modin DataFrame architecture follows in the footsteps of modern architectures for
database and high performance matrix systems. We chose a partitioning schema that
partitions along both columns and rows because it gives Modin flexibility and
scalability in both the number of columns and the number of rows. The
following figure illustrates this concept.

.. image:: /img/block_partitions_diagram.png
   :align: center

Currently, the main in-memory format of each partition is a `pandas DataFrame`_ (:doc:`pandas storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/pandas/index>`).
:doc:`Omnisci </flow/modin/experimental/core/storage_formats/omnisci/index>`, :doc:`PyArrow </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/pyarrow/index>`

> and cuDF are also supported as experimental in-memory formats in Modin.

Reviewer: Do we have docs on `cuDF`?

Author: Nope, we do not have docs on cuDF storage format.

Index
-----

> We currently use the ``pandas.Index`` object for both indexing columns and rows. In the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently use the ``pandas.Index`` object for indexing both columns and rows. In the
```

future, we will implement a distributed, pandas-compatible Index object in order to remove
this scaling limitation from the system. Most workloads will not be affected by this scalability limit
since it only appears when operating on more than 10's of billions of columns or rows.
**Important note**: If you are using the
default index (``pandas.RangeIndex``) there is a fixed memory overhead (~200 bytes) and
there will be no scalability issues with the index.

API
---

The API is the outer-most layer that faces users. The following classes contain Modin's implementation of the pandas API:

.. toctree::
   /flow/modin/pandas/base
   /flow/modin/pandas/dataframe
   /flow/modin/pandas/series

Module/Class View
-----------------

Modin's modules layout is shown below. Click on the links to deep dive into Modin's internal implementation

> details just pick module you are interested in (only some of the modules are covered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
details. The documentation covers most modules, with more docs being added everyday!
```

Index
-----

We currently use the ``pandas.Index`` object for indexing both columns and rows. In the
future, we will implement a distributed, pandas-compatible Index object in order to remove
this scaling limitation from the system. Most workloads will not be affected by this scalability limit
since it only appears when operating on more than 10's of billions of columns or rows.
**Important note**: If you are using the
default index (``pandas.RangeIndex``) there is a fixed memory overhead (~200 bytes) and
there will be no scalability issues with the index.

API
---

The API is the outer-most layer that faces users. The following classes contain Modin's implementation of the pandas API:

.. toctree::
   /flow/modin/pandas/base
   /flow/modin/pandas/dataframe
   /flow/modin/pandas/series

Module/Class View
-----------------
Modin modules layout is shown below. To deep dive into Modin internal implementation
details just pick module you are interested in (only some of the modules are covered

Modin's modules layout is shown below. Click on the links to deep dive into Modin's internal implementation
details. The documentation covers most modules, with more docs being added everyday!

> by documentation for now, the rest is coming soon...).

Reviewer: Please delete!

Author: deleted

optimizations in Modin that are implemented in the partitions. Partitions are specific
to the execution framework and in-memory format of the data. This allows Modin to
exploit potential optimizations across both of these. These optimizations are explained
further on the pages specific to the execution framework.

Execution Engine
''''''''''''''''

This layer is what Modin uses to perform computation on a partition of the data. The
Modin Dataframe is designed to work with `task parallel`_ frameworks, but with some
effort, a data parallel framework is possible.

Storage Format
''''''''''''''

Storage format is one of the components that form Modin’s execution, it describes the in-memory partition type.
The base storage format in Modin is pandas such that Modin Dataframe operates with partitions that hold ``pandas.DataFrame`` objects in that case.

Data Ingress
''''''''''''

.. image:: /img/generic_data_ingress.svg
   :align: center

Data Egress
'''''''''''

.. image:: /img/generic_data_egress.svg
   :align: center

Factory Dispatcher
""""""""""""""""""

The Factory Dispatcher provides IO methods, whose interfaces corresponds to pandas IO functions,

> and in charge of routing the IO calls to a factory, which represents the selected execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and is in charge of routing the IO calls to a factory, which represents the selected execution.
```

The factory, in turn, contains the specific IO class that it tranfers the calls and all required arguments to.
The responsibility of the IO class is a parallel read/write from/to a file.

Supported Execution Engines and Storage Formats
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

This is the list of execution engines and in-memory formats supported in Modin. If you
would like to contribute a new execution engine or in-memory format, please see the
documentation page on :doc:`contributing </contributing>`.

- :doc:`pandas on Ray </UsingPandasonRay/index>`
    - Uses the Ray_ execution framework.
    - The storage format is `pandas` and in-memory partition type is a pandas DataFrame.
    - More for execution flow see on :doc:`pandas on Ray </flow/modin/core/execution/ray/implementations/pandas_on_ray/index>` page.
- :doc:`pandas on Dask </UsingPandasonDask/index>`
    - Uses the `Dask Futures`_ execution framework.

>     - The storage format is `pandas` and in-memory partition type a pandas DataFrame.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The storage format is `pandas` and in-memory partition type is a pandas DataFrame.
```

    - More for execution flow see on :doc:`pandas on Dask </flow/modin/core/execution/dask/implementations/pandas_on_dask/index>` page.
- pandas on Python
    - Uses native python execution and serves for debug purposes.

>     - The storage format is `pandas` and in-memory partition type a pandas DataFrame.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The storage format is `pandas` and in-memory partition type is a pandas DataFrame.
```

    - More for execution flow see on :doc:`pandas on Python </flow/modin/core/execution/python/implementations/pandas_on_python/index>` page.
- :doc:`OmniSci on Native </UsingOmnisci/index>` (experimental)
    - Uses OmniSciDB as an engine.
    - The storage format is `omnisci` and in-memory partition type is a pyarrow Table or pandas DataFrame when defaulting to pandas.
    - More for execution flow see on :doc:`OmniSci on Native </flow/modin/experimental/core/execution/native/implementations/omnisci_on_native/index>` page.
- :doc:`Pyarrow on Ray </UsingPyarrowonRay/index>` (experimental)
    - Uses the Ray_ execution framework.
    - The storage format is `pyarrow` and in-memory partition type a pyarrow Table.
    - More for execution flow see on :doc:`Pyarrow on Ray </flow/modin/experimental/core/execution/ray/implementations/pyarrow_on_ray>` page.
- cuDF on Ray (experimental)
    - Uses the Ray_ execution framework.

>     - The storage format is `cudf` and in-memory partition type a cuDF DataFrame.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The storage format is `cudf` and in-memory partition type is a cuDF DataFrame.
```

    - More for execution flow see on :doc:`cuDF on Ray </flow/modin/core/execution/ray/implementations/cudf_on_ray/index>` page.

.. _directory-tree:

DataFrame Partitioning
----------------------

The Modin DataFrame architecture follows in the footsteps of modern architectures for
database and high performance matrix systems. We chose a partitioning schema that
partitions along both columns and rows because it gives Modin flexibility and
scalability in both the number of columns and the number of rows supported. The
following figure illustrates this concept.

.. image:: /img/block_partitions_diagram.png
   :align: center

Currently, each partition's memory format is a `pandas DataFrame`_. In the future, we will

> support additional in-memory formats for the backend, namely `Arrow tables`_.

Reviewer 2: aren't these lines slightly outdated (looking at omnisci)?

Author: Yes, I would update this as follows
```
Currently, main in-memory format of each partition is a `pandas DataFrame`_. Omnisci(<link to omnisci storage format docs>), PyArrow(<link to pyarrow storage format docs>) and cuDF(link to cudf storage format docs) are also supported as experimental in-memory formats in Modin.
```

Dataframe layer to keep the Core Dataframe API small and separately optimize the data
movement and metadata management.

> Partition and Axis Partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partitions
```

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Partitions are responsible for managing a subset of the Dataframe. As will be shown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partitions are responsible for managing a subset of the Dataframe. As mentioned
```

below, the Dataframe is partitioned both row and column-wise. This gives Modin
scalability in both directions and flexibility in data layout. There are a number of
optimizations in Modin that are implemented in the partitions. Partitions are specific

> to the execution framework and in-memory format of the data. This allows Modin to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the execution framework and in-memory format of the data, allowing Modin to
```

> exploit potential optimizations across both of these. These optimizations are explained

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exploit potential optimizations across both. These optimizations are explained
```

further on the pages specific to the execution framework.

Execution Engine
''''''''''''''''

> This layer is what Modin uses to perform computation on a partition of the data. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This layer performs computation on a partition of the data. The
```

> Modin Dataframe is designed to work with `task parallel`_ frameworks, but with some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modin Dataframe is designed to work with `task parallel`_ frameworks, but integration with
```

> effort, a data parallel framework is possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data parallel frameworks should be possible with some effort.
```

Storage Format
''''''''''''''

> :doc:`Storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/index>` is one of the components that form Modin’s execution, it describes the in-memory partition type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :doc:`storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/index>` describes the in-memory partition type.
```

> The base storage format in Modin is pandas such that Modin Dataframe operates with partitions that hold ``pandas.DataFrame`` objects in that case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The base storage format in Modin is pandas. In the default case, the Modin Dataframe operates on partitions that contain ``pandas.DataFrame`` objects.
```

Data Ingress
''''''''''''

.. image:: /img/generic_data_ingress.svg
   :align: center

Data Egress
'''''''''''

.. image:: /img/generic_data_egress.svg
   :align: center

Factory Dispatcher
""""""""""""""""""

> The :doc:`Factory Dispatcher </flow/modin/core/execution/dispatching>` provides IO methods, whose interfaces corresponds to pandas IO functions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :doc:`Factory Dispatcher </flow/modin/core/execution/dispatching>` provides IO methods with interfaces that correspond to pandas IO functions,
```

> and is in charge of routing the IO calls to a factory, which represents the selected execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and is in charge of routing IO calls to a factory corresponding to the selected execution.
```

> The factory, in turn, contains the specific IO class that it tranfers the calls and all required arguments to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The factory, in turn, contains the specific IO class, which it calls with the required arguments.
```

> The responsibility of the IO class is a parallel read/write from/to a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IO class is responsible for performing a parallel read/write from/to a file.
```

Supported Execution Engines and Storage Formats
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

This is the list of execution engines and in-memory formats supported in Modin. If you
would like to contribute a new execution engine or in-memory format, please see the
documentation page on :doc:`contributing </contributing>`.

- :doc:`pandas on Ray </UsingPandasonRay/index>`
    - Uses the Ray_ execution framework.

>     - The storage format is `pandas` and in-memory partition type is a pandas DataFrame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The storage format is `pandas` and the in-memory partition type is a pandas DataFrame.
```

>     - More for execution flow see on :doc:`pandas on Ray </flow/modin/core/execution/ray/implementations/pandas_on_ray/index>` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For more information on the execution path, see the :doc:`pandas on Ray </flow/modin/core/execution/ray/implementations/pandas_on_ray/index>` page.
```

- :doc:`pandas on Dask </UsingPandasonDask/index>`
    - Uses the `Dask Futures`_ execution framework.

>     - The storage format is `pandas` and in-memory partition type is a pandas DataFrame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The storage format is `pandas` and the in-memory partition type is a pandas DataFrame.
```

>     - More for execution flow see on :doc:`pandas on Dask </flow/modin/core/execution/dask/implementations/pandas_on_dask/index>` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For more information on the execution path, see the :doc:`pandas on Dask </flow/modin/core/execution/dask/implementations/pandas_on_dask/index>` page.
```

- pandas on Python

>     - Uses native python execution and serves for debug purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Uses native python execution - mainly used for for debugging.
```

>     - The storage format is `pandas` and in-memory partition type is a pandas DataFrame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The storage format is `pandas` and the in-memory partition type is a pandas DataFrame.
```

>     - More for execution flow see on :doc:`pandas on Python </flow/modin/core/execution/python/implementations/pandas_on_python/index>` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For more information on the execution path, see the :doc:`pandas on Python </flow/modin/core/execution/python/implementations/pandas_on_python/index>` page.
```

- :doc:`OmniSci on Native </UsingOmnisci/index>` (experimental)
    - Uses OmniSciDB as an engine.

>     - The storage format is `omnisci` and in-memory partition type is a pyarrow Table or pandas DataFrame when defaulting to pandas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The storage format is `omnisci` and the in-memory partition type is a pyarrow Table. When defaulting to pandas, the pandas DataFrame is used.
```

>     - More for execution flow see on :doc:`OmniSci on Native </flow/modin/experimental/core/execution/native/implementations/omnisci_on_native/index>` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For more information on the execution path, see the :doc:`OmniSci on Native </flow/modin/experimental/core/execution/native/implementations/omnisci_on_native/index>` page.
```

- :doc:`Pyarrow on Ray </UsingPyarrowonRay/index>` (experimental)
    - Uses the Ray_ execution framework.

>     - The storage format is `pyarrow` and in-memory partition type a pyarrow Table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The storage format is `pyarrow` and the in-memory partition type is a pyarrow Table.
```

>     - More for execution flow see on :doc:`Pyarrow on Ray </flow/modin/experimental/core/execution/ray/implementations/pyarrow_on_ray>` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For more information on the execution path, see the :doc:`Pyarrow on Ray </flow/modin/experimental/core/execution/ray/implementations/pyarrow_on_ray>` page.
```

- cuDF on Ray (experimental)
    - Uses the Ray_ execution framework.

>     - The storage format is `cudf` and in-memory partition type is a cuDF DataFrame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The storage format is `cudf` and the in-memory partition type is a cuDF DataFrame.
```

>     - More for execution flow see on :doc:`cuDF on Ray </flow/modin/core/execution/ray/implementations/cudf_on_ray/index>` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For more information on the execution path, see the :doc:`cuDF on Ray </flow/modin/core/execution/ray/implementations/cudf_on_ray/index>` page.
```

.. _directory-tree:

DataFrame Partitioning
----------------------

The Modin DataFrame architecture follows in the footsteps of modern architectures for
database and high performance matrix systems. We chose a partitioning schema that
partitions along both columns and rows because it gives Modin flexibility and

> scalability in both the number of columns and the number of rows supported. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scalability in both the number of columns and the number of rows. The
```

following figure illustrates this concept.

.. image:: /img/block_partitions_diagram.png
   :align: center

> Currently, main in-memory format of each partition is a `pandas DataFrame`_ (:doc:`pandas storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/pandas/index>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the main in-memory format of each partition is a `pandas DataFrame`_ (:doc:`pandas storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/pandas/index>`).
```

:doc:`Omnisci </flow/modin/experimental/core/storage_formats/omnisci/index>`, :doc:`PyArrow </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/pyarrow/index>`
and cuDF are also supported as experimental in-memory formats in Modin.

Index
"""""

We currently use the ``pandas.Index`` object for both indexing columns and rows. In the

> future, we will implement a distributed, pandas-compatible Index object in order remove

Reviewer: ```suggestion
future, we will implement a distributed, pandas-compatible Index object in order to remove
```

> this scaling limitation from the system. It does not start to become a problem until you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this scaling limitation from the system. Most workloads will not be affected by this scalability limit
```

> are operating on more than 10's of billions of columns or rows, so most workloads will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
since it only appears when  operating on more than 10's of billions of columns or rows.
```

> not be affected by this scalability limit. **Important note**: If you are using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important note**: If you are using the
```

default index (``pandas.RangeIndex``) there is a fixed memory overhead (~200 bytes) and
there will be no scalability issues with the index.

API
"""

> The API is the outer-most layer that faces users. The majority of our current effort is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API is the outer-most layer that faces users.
```
Can we delete everything in this paragraph but this sentence? Now that we have 90%+ coverage of the pandas API, it doesn't make sense anymore.

Author: I think yes.

spent implementing the components of the pandas API. We have implemented a toy example
for a sqlite API as a proof of concept, but this isn't ready for usage/testing. There
are also plans to expose the Modin DataFrame API as a reduced API set that encompasses
the entire pandas/dataframe API. See `experimental features`_ for more information.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following classes contain Modin's implementation of the pandas API:
```

.. toctree::
   :caption: Base Pandas Dataset API

   /flow/modin/pandas/base

.. toctree::
   :caption: modin.pandas.DataFrame API

   /flow/modin/pandas/dataframe

.. toctree::
   :caption: modin.pandas.Series API

   /flow/modin/pandas/series

Module/Class View
-----------------

> Modin modules layout is shown below. To deep dive into Modin internal implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modin's modules layout is shown below. Click on the links to deep dive into Modin's internal implementation
```

The Modin DataFrame architecture follows in the footsteps of modern architectures for
database and high performance matrix systems. We chose a partitioning schema that
partitions along both columns and rows because it gives Modin flexibility and
scalability in both the number of columns and the number of rows. The
following figure illustrates this concept.

.. image:: /img/block_partitions_diagram.png
   :align: center

Currently, the main in-memory format of each partition is a `pandas DataFrame`_ (:doc:`pandas storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/pandas/index>`).
:doc:`Omnisci </flow/modin/experimental/core/storage_formats/omnisci/index>`, :doc:`PyArrow </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/pyarrow/index>`
and cuDF are also supported as experimental in-memory formats in Modin.

Index
-----

We currently use the ``pandas.Index`` object for both indexing columns and rows. In the
future, we will implement a distributed, pandas-compatible Index object in order to remove
this scaling limitation from the system. Most workloads will not be affected by this scalability limit

> since it only appears when  operating on more than 10's of billions of columns or rows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
since it only appears when operating on more than 10's of billions of columns or rows.
```
🙃

The API is the outer-most layer that faces users. The following classes contain Modin's implementation of the pandas API:

.. toctree::
   /flow/modin/pandas/base
   /flow/modin/pandas/dataframe

>    /flow/modin/pandas/series

Reviewer 2: pls make sure this renders correctly

Reviewer 3: [this particular part](https://modin--3640.org.readthedocs.build/en/3640/developer/architecture.html#api), as well as the whole [architecture page](https://modin--3640.org.readthedocs.build/en/3640/developer/architecture.html) seems to be rendered correctly
